Hi, guys.
Walker.
In this lecture, we're gonna call President Piggy video before, so we need to do firebase iterate.
Okay, now what we can do is over here, we're going to create a function.
Before that, we can just give it a comment and say, function.
To compress video.
Okay, now that we can create a function and are going to make this function private, which means we
don't want to view it as has this function outside this file.
So you can just call this so on underscore compress.
Compress.
Okay.
Compress video.
Now, over here, you're going to pass in the video parts, right?
Because that's what we want to compress.
Okay.
So what we can do is we can just go to the specify.
It is a type of string and now we can see video plots.
Okay.
That is a video, right?
Okay, great.
Now, this is going to take some time.
We're going to be using the weights.
Definitely we need to use equal there.
Okay.
And now we can just go ahead and create a variable to store the compressed version of the video so we
can then see compressed.
Compressed.
Video.
Okay.
There's going to be courts you.
The rebel we installed, which we called.
I think it is quite so though.
Which record is not our package?
Okay.
Video.
Compress and then we can assess a mental or a function which is known as compressed video.
Okay.
As asking for the video parts.
The video part is going to be the video.
Video.
Okay, so video parts.
Okay.
It also has another field.
Which is known as the quality for the quality.
We can just see the video quality at medium.
Okay.
You can use on the there you can see I think we have the Laura, but I think the medium should be better.
That is not so bad and not too high.
Okay.
So this is basically it as well.
We need to await this because it takes some time.
Okay.
Now, this is basically all you need in order to compress.
A video.
Okay.
Now, all we need to do lastly is.
To return.
Return this variable card conquest.
Compressed, compressed video.
Okay, great.
Great, great, great, great, great, great, great.
I'm just gonna check.
Hopefully we don't have any errors.
Okay, fine.
A compressed video.
How we video compress that compressed video, and we are passing the parts of the video which we want
to compress.
Right.
And we are saying quality should be what, video quality.
Good.
Medium quality.
Right.
Okay.
Great.
And now what we can do is we're going to need to upload the.
Compressed version.
See our.
Firebase Storage.
Right.
Okay.
So to do this, I think you've seen this before, right?
All we just have to do is to.
They won't commanders is to say read.
Okay, Rev.
Dodds.
I think Ralph adored.
This is going to be Ralph.
Court put.
Fi okay.
They were able to call that, first of all, we need to with this and then we're going to need to call
this.
That what we have.
Okay.
We also need to use the sink so we deal with all of our dysfunction.
And we can call.
You can just copy.
And here's this.
And then pass in the video part.
Right.
Okay.
Okay, great.
Now we can store the results in the variable you sent us before.
This is going to be something known as words upload task.
Okay.
Upload task.
Then applaud task.
There's going to be a core to this and.
Okay.
And now we can then say task and think you've seen all this task.
The tax snapshot.
And this is going to be we can call this snap and it's going to be equal to.
I wait once I wait for the applauding AIDS applaud.
I applaud Tusk.
Okay, great.
And.
Lastly, we're going to need to get the you are all of the uploaded video right away so you can just
drink and download.
Download Jarrell is going to be equal to the words just good and the way it is and is going to be the
snap described via.
It's not.
That's what's the truth.
Ten dots get download Yarrow.
Okay.
And lastly, we can return.
Return to Dollar Lord.
I think you've seen this before.
If you have not.
I think you can just try to make sure you've forgotten.
You can just try to go back to it again.
Definitely.
You're going to forget.
Okay.
So we can just go ahead and make this a future.
Future is going to take some time to process.
All the details are going to be strength.
All the everything we have always is strength.
That's why we are parsing yet passing over this string here.
Okay.
Now.
This is basically it.
This is all we need over here is a function to confirm.
The video over here is to upload the video to discourage.
Then this is the main function.
You can see every function we have over here is tied to this.
You can see the.
The quality of what we did, the turned away.
Right.
Okay.
This is basically it.
Whenever we call this upload function, you can see we are not making it private.
And the reason for this is.
So we are going to be able to call it in the, I think, the screen file.
Right.
Then I thought we call.
When we call, we will call this function we need to pass in the value that is the song name the value
to song name the value to the caption and the value.
That is the video pot's value for now, all this are just dynamic variable.
So whenever we call this function, they're going to need to pass in all this values to this verbose
we have.
And over here, you can see we don't have the value yet.
So whenever we call it so, as in this end wants in in the future, the video is going to be that is
the review.
The video is going to be right.
So we are going to compress it and then uploaded to the storage.
Okay.
You can see over here we created a variable called compressed video in another get the the the compressed
video file.
So I think over here.
We need to see dots.
Fine.
Okay.
I almost forgot this.
Sorry.
Okay.
That's basically it.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.